Add error logs section clarifying MapperParsingException is only logg… (#12735)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/logs.md

## Error logs

OpenSearch logs errors at the `WARN`, `ERROR`, and `FATAL` levels. Additionally, certain exceptions from the `DEBUG` level are logged, including the following:

- `org.opensearch.index.mapper.MapperParsingException`
- `org.opensearch.index.query.QueryShardException`
- `org.opensearch.action.search.SearchPhaseExecutionException`
- `org.opensearch.common.util.concurrent.OpenSearchRejectedExecutionException`
- `java.lang.IllegalArgumentException`

Error logs can help with troubleshooting in many situations, including the following:

- Painless script compilation issues
- Invalid queries
- Indexing issues
- Snapshot failures
- Index State Management migration failures

> ### MapperParsingException scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mapper parsing exception scope
```

> `mapper_parsing_exception` errors are logged only when they are triggered by explicit mapping requests, such as the [Put Mapping API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/put-mapping/) requests. They are not logged when triggered by document indexing operations, such as the [Bulk API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) or the [Index API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/index-document/) requests. For example, if a document contains a field value that conflicts with the index mapping (for example, when you send a string value in an integer field), the Bulk API returns a `mapper_parsing_exception` in the response body, but this error is not written to the error logs. To identify documents causing a `mapper_parsing_exception` during bulk indexing, inspect the Bulk API response for errors rather than relying on error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapper parsing exceptions are logged only when they are triggered by explicit mapping requests, such as the [Put Mapping API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/put-mapping/) requests. They are not logged when triggered by document indexing operations, such as the [Bulk API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) or the [Index API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/index-document/) requests. For example, if a document contains a field value that conflicts with the index mapping (for example, when you send a string value in an integer field), the Bulk API returns a `mapper_parsing_exception` in the response body, but this error is not written to the error logs. To identify documents causing a `mapper_parsing_exception` during bulk indexing, inspect the Bulk API response for errors rather than relying on error logs.
```

> {: .note}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Error logs

OpenSearch logs errors at the `WARN`, `ERROR`, and `FATAL` levels. Additionally, certain exceptions from the `DEBUG` level are logged, including the following:

- `org.opensearch.index.mapper.MapperParsingException`
- `org.opensearch.index.query.QueryShardException`
- `org.opensearch.action.search.SearchPhaseExecutionException`
- `org.opensearch.common.util.concurrent.OpenSearchRejectedExecutionException`
- `java.lang.IllegalArgumentException`

Error logs can help with troubleshooting in many situations, including the following:

- Painless script compilation issues
- Invalid queries
- Indexing issues
- Snapshot failures
- Index State Management migration failures

### MapperParsingException scope

> `MapperParsingException` errors are logged only when they are triggered by explicit mapping requests, such as the [Put Mapping API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/put-mapping/). They are **not** logged when triggered by document indexing operations, such as the [Bulk API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) or the [Index API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/index-document/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MapperParsingException` errors are logged only when they are triggered by explicit mapping requests, such as the [Put Mapping API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/put-mapping/) requests. They are not logged when triggered by document indexing operations, such as the [Bulk API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) or the [Index API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/index-document/) requests.
```

> For example, if a document contains a field value that conflicts with the index mapping (such as sending a string value for an integer field), the Bulk API returns a `mapper_parsing_exception` error in the response body, but this error is not written to the error logs. To identify documents causing `MapperParsingException` during bulk indexing, inspect the Bulk API response for errors rather than relying on error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a document contains a field value that conflicts with the index mapping (for example, when you send a string value in an integer field), the Bulk API returns a `mapper_parsing_exception` in the response body, but this error is not written to the error logs. To identify documents causing a `mapper_parsing_exception` during bulk indexing, inspect the Bulk API response for errors rather than relying on error logs.
```

Reviewer: Move this paragraph into the previous one - it is an example of the generic statements described in the previous paragraph.

> For example, if a document contains a field value that conflicts with the index mapping (such as sending a string value for an integer field), the Bulk API returns a `mapper_parsing_exception` error in the response body, but this error is not written to the error logs. To identify documents causing `MapperParsingException` during bulk indexing, inspect the Bulk API response for errors rather than relying on error logs.

Reviewer: Is there a reason we use both `MapperParsingException` and `mapper_parsing_exception`? Can we use one formatting for consistency?

Author: Used `mapper_parsing_exception` for consistency
